Add EKS auth configuration note to docs (#61)
pivotal/docs-tas-adapter: user-management.md

# User Management

Application Service Adapter users are user identifiers that Kubernetes recognizes in the subject section of its RBAC resources, such as `RoleBindings`. For more information about user subject names in Kubernetes, see the [Referring to subjects](https://kubernetes.io/docs/reference/access-authn-authz/rbac/#referring-to-subjects) section of _Using RBAC Authorization_ and the [Authenticating](https://kubernetes.io/docs/reference/access-authn-authz/authentication/) topic in the Kubernetes project documentation.

> Users can be assigned Cloud Foundry roles using the `cf` CLI's [role management commands](https://docs.cloudfoundry.org/adminguide/cli-user-management.html#orgs-spaces) or by directly creating `RoleBinding` resources through the Kubernetes API.
> 
> ## <a id="eks-user-mapping"></a>AWS IAM user management for EKS
> To configure a user for EKS, you must configure the "aws-auth" `ConfigMap` on the EKS cluster to map an IAM resource by ARN to the cluster. Follow the AWS [IAM user and role access documentation](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/eks/latest/userguide/add-user-role.html) for more information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Users can be assigned Cloud Foundry roles using the [role management commands](https://docs.cloudfoundry.org/adminguide/cli-user-management.html#orgs-spaces) of the cf CLI or by directly creating `RoleBinding` resources through the Kubernetes API.

## <a id="aws-iam-user-management-eks"></a>AWS IAM user management for EKS
To configure an AWS IAM user for an EKS cluster, you must configure the `aws-auth` ConfigMap on the EKS cluster to map IAM resources by ARN to the cluster. Follow the AWS [IAM user and role access documentation](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/eks/latest/userguide/add-user-role.html) for more information.
```

> To configure a user for EKS, you must configure the "aws-auth" `ConfigMap` on the EKS cluster to map an IAM resource by ARN to the cluster. Follow the AWS [IAM user and role access documentation](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/eks/latest/userguide/add-user-role.html) for more information..

Author: > ..
Nitpick is this supposed to be one period . or ... ?

Reviewer 2: Good catch! Definitely meant a single period.. 😛
